[sighs, then hums]
Good morning.Bite me.
What's your problem?
Okay, here's the thing.
I am so happy you found love,
and I'm glad
Adam feels comfortable enough
to spend the night here.
But you got to know, I can hear
every thing you do
all freakin' night long.
Everything?
Yes, you ass-slapping fool,
everything.
I'm so sorry.
Just keep in mind that
our apartment has thin walls
and your daughter's insurance
doesn't cover therapy.
Did you try the noise-canceling
headphones I got you?
Oh, yeah, right away.
And they're great for airplanes
and garbage trucks,
but no match
for my mother announcing
that she's been a bad girl
and needs to take her medicine.
To be fair,
I was pretty naughty.
ADAM: Just so you know,
I'm waiting for you guys
to wrap this up
so I can get some coffee.
Oh, God, get in here.
Sorry you had to
hear all that.
Right back at you.
No, no, no, no, this is good.
We're all adults, we can have a
conversation about physical love
and the noises that...
ensue.
How about we just say
we'll be quiet and move on?
Thank you.Changing the subject.
Please.You got plans this weekend?
Just library sex, why?
My friend Mitch and his wife
are coming up to Napa.
I was thinking it's about time
my best buddy met my best girl.
That sounds great, set it up.
All right.
Is this the Mitch who directed
the movie you worked on?
Yeah, but we go way back.
He's the closest
thing I have to a brother.
Well, that's saying something
'cause you have a brother.
I'm gonna call him.
You're gonna love him.
Mmm.
Ooh.
Meeting the best friend,
that's serious.
I know.
I'm a little nervous.
You should be; if the best
friend doesn't like you,
you're back to slapping
your own ass.
♪
I'd lend you
my crystal stemware,
but I'm afraid in your apartment
it would just look stolen.
Besides fondue,
what are you planning
on serving these people?
I don't know. Christy?
Depends on what
they're throwing away
at the restaurant.
You don't seem
really prepared for this.
I'm not;
I've never had a boyfriend
who wanted
to introduce me to anybody.
Not even during a three-way.
I had a boyfriend introduce me
to his best friend,
then he married him.
Do you need a bread maker?
I've got three.
I wasn't gonna make bread.
Do they expect me
to make bread?
What are you gonna dip
in the fondue?
I was just gonna buy bread.
Bonnie,
these are Hollywood people.
They are not gonna eat bread
out of a bag.
You know what,
this is too much pressure.
I'm just gonna break up
with Adam.
Relax, I'm sure you can pretend
to be a good person
long enough for them
to like you.
And if it goes well
with the friends,
he'll probably want to
introduce you to his parents.
That'll be fun.
"Mom, Dad,
"I'd like you to meet
my girlfriend, Bonnie.
"She's sober
a year and a half,
but you still might
want to hide the Nyquil."
I look forward to
when you fall in love.
My plan is to wait
till you're dead.
♪
Whoa, look at that.
Baby, this is awesome.Thank you.
Jill said presentation
is all about levels.
Oh.
And check this out, a crystal
bowl for the olive pits,
so you don't have
to spit 'em in your hand.
What's that thing in the middle?
Fondue, or as you might know it,
hot cheese.
Hey, look,
it's Martha Stewart.
We have both been in jail.
[laughs]
Oh, God,
please don't tell them that.
Unless they'd think it's cool.
Oh, don't worry about it,
Mitch and Leanne
are just regular people.
So what are your plans?Well, we're gonna hit
a couple of wineries,
and then we're going out
for dinner.
Wine tasting-- that
ought to be fun for you.
I have games on my phone.
[doorbell rings]That's them.
Oh, I almost forgot,
curtsy when you meet Leanne,
she's British royalty.What?
I'm screwing with you; she's
a makeup girl from Buffalo.
Not funny.
You should've
made her curtsy.[laughs]
Hi, welcome.
Bonnie.
I'm Mitch, this is Leanne.
Thank you so much
for having us.
My pleasure.
Please come in.
Yo, Professor Nutsack!
Stinky Dickweed!
How are you, my man?[laughs]
Aren't you glad
you made bread?ADAM: Hey.
Leanne, Mitch,
this is my daughter Christy.
Hi, Christy.
Hey.
Nice to meet you both.
I'm sorry I have to go,
I have a class
and then work.
What do you do?I'm a waitress
at the Rustic Fig.
Oh, we heard
about that place.
We wanted to eat there.
You're about to.
Time to go.
Bye.
Oh, she seems sweet.
Eh.
Please, everybody sit down.
Okay-- oh, we-we brought you
a little gift.
Thank you.
Adam said
you don't drink anymore,
but it's good
when you have company.
Like now.
Oh, yeah.Yeah, I mean, you don't have to.
No, I'll open it.No, no, yeah, just
go ahead and do it.
Well, just-just
one glass, though.
We're still going
wine tasting, right?
No, I drove all the way
to Napa Valley
to hang out
with Stinky Dickweed.
[both chuckle]
I look forward to hearing
where that nickname came from.
That's a funny story,
actually.
We were shooting
on location in Malaysia,
and your brilliant boyfriend
thought it'd be a good idea
to hide his pot
in his underwear.
Yeah, and when we smoked it,
it smelled suspiciously
like my balls.
[Leanne laughs, Mitch spits]
♪
Everything's fine, Marjorie,
I was just too tired
to make the meeting.
Yeah, I need
a good night's sleep.
Thanks, talk to you tomorrow.
[crash]LEANNE:
Get him, Mitch, get him!
Who's your daddy, Ironside?
Come on,
stop holding back!
MITCH: I'm trying to
make it a fair fight.
Hey, Leanne, hold my feet.
I got you, baby.
Okay.
All right,
here comes the pain!
[grunts]Aah! Let go of my junk!
Whoo!
Spoiler alert,
that's why we call Mitch
"Professor Nutsack."
♪
[indistinct conversation nearby]So no wineries?
We never left the apartment.
They just stayed here and drank.
Where'd all the booze come from?
The trunk of their car.
They brought it from L.A.
in case there wasn't
enough wine in Napa Valley.
MITCH:
Chug, chug, chug, chug!
And there might not be.
ADAM: I'm so drunk,
I can't feel my legs.
Oh, wait.
[slurring]:
Hey, hen party in the kitchen!
Old school!
[spits]
Look, it's the
Ghost of Christmas Past.
Hey, um, Christy, can I--
can I tell you something
that I've been thinking about
all night?
You should go home
and I should go to bed?
I could make you so pretty.
I'm sorry?
Didn't Adam tell you?
I'm a professional
makeup artist.
It's my job to make people
like you pretty.
I'm a professional
makeup artist!
Mommy, help me.
I'd kind of like to see
what she can do.
♪
Thanks for easing up
on the drinking.
That was a good call, babe.
[holding breath]:
All things in moderation.
They both really like you.
Oh, goodie.
[slurred, singsongy]:
Ta-da.
Oh, my God, I'm gorgeous.Mm-hmm.
You-You look like
you're in your 30s again.
I am in my 30s.
So am I.
Wink, wink.
Hey.
Whoa, you look amazing.
Thank you.
Leanne, I was told
to bring you this.
Gracias. Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have to go
to the bathroom.
The hot cheese
is making its move.
You really are good
at what you do.
[exhales]
My secret is,
keep applying makeup until it's
something you want to sit on.
[laughs]
You're kidding, right?
Mm, of course, I'm kidding.
Wink, wink.
You know, I admire you.
Thank you.
Your opinion used to
mean a great deal to me.
Seriously, like, staying sober
when you got nothing going on,
and it kind of makes you
a little boring,
that's impressive.
Again, thank you.
[Scottish accent]:
Good on ya, Bonnie lass!
Where'd you just go?
You know, I got sober once.
Really?
Yep, I went to
a couple of meetings,
I heard the spiel,
I bought a book,
and then one night I'm looking
around the room
and I said to myself, "Mitch,
these aren't your people,
"these people are quitters.
"You're not a quitter,
"you're the opposite
of that,
you're a successful
film director."
Move it.
Mm.
Not that way.
[coughs]
Oh, I'm sorry.
Bad! Bad hand!
We-We-We talked about that.
Thank God I brought
my good hand.
[chuckles]
Okay.
You're Adam's friend,
and you're really drunk right
now, so I'm gonna be a sport
and give both your hands a pass.
But if it ever happens again,
I will hit you so hard,
you'll be crapping teeth
for a week.
God help me, it
might be worth it.
And three double cheeseburgers.
With cheese.
Two large fries...
With cheese
and a chicken sandwich.
...and a chicken sandwich.
And a burrito.
They don't have burritos.
Why don't they have burritos?
Why don't you have burritos?!
I think that's it.
Oh! Oh, and a crunchy
candy cookie cup.
I-I think we've got enough.
Cookie cup, cookie cup,
cookie cup!
CLERK:
So... three cookie cups?
Sure.
Yes.
It'll be $52.75.
Please drive forward.
So... whoa...
[laughs]
[clears throat]
So...
you and... you and Adam
are cute together.
Thank you.
Is he still good in bed?
I'm sorry, what?
He was incredible
back when he had legs.
Oh, I'm... Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't want...
I didn't mean that.
I mean, of course he still
has legs, but, you know...
You slept with Adam?
Dear Lord,
will this night ever end?
Answer me.
Calm down.
It was a long time ago
before I met Mitch,
and we only did it, like,
t... t... 20 times.
Really thought
you were gonna say two.
So, you were a couple?
No, oh, no!
No, no, it was just that
kind of raw kind of sex.
You know, the kind
you think about
when you're on the toilet
having a cigarette.
Hey, guys, this is important.
Guys, this is important, listen.
Mitch doesn't know, so we just
have to keep it between us.
You know... sisterhood
of the traveling penis.
[laughs]
I don't know what you're
always whining about.
This thing is awesome.
Food's here.
Oh, finally.
Hey, baby, did you know
that the liquor store
down on the corner,
that it delivers?
Just eat your burger, Dickweed.
Huddle.
Ugh, I don't want
to huddle.
Just let me go to sleep.
What? You think you're
too pretty to huddle now?
Get in there.
I am pretty, aren't I?
Why didn't you
get me any vodka?
Why didn't you get me
a 24-year-old Asian girl
with big boobs?
Hey, words hurt.
Just kidding.
Ah, I love you.
And you have perfect boobs.
You, too.
That right there.
That's how you make
a marriage work.
Thanks, buddy.
Where are we?
I'm sorry, I just can't
wrap my head around it.
20 times?
She's probably exaggerating.
When it comes to sex,
women round down,
Christy, not up.
We do?You don't?
I didn't, but I will now.
I'm not sure how to handle it.
There's nothing to handle.
It's in the past.
No, it's in my living room,
and more important,
he didn't tell me.
So, what, you're
gonna confront him?
I thought the whole idea
of this evening
was to make his friends
like you.
That's when I was putting
deviled eggs on levels.
I should've just
put out a dog bowl.
Okay, Adam, it's time
you and I have a talk.
Oh, lovely.
Under the head,
under the head.
Where's Lord and
Lady Nutsack?
Probably playing kickball
with their livers.
MITCH: Come on, baby,
let's make a dirty movie.
LEANNE: Okay, okay, turn around
and try to relax.
Thin walls. I get it now.
We're gonna have
to burn that bed.
[thump]
What just happened?
I don't know.
That sounded bad.
I guess we should go see
if they're okay.
Or we just leave and rebuild
our lives elsewhere.
[knocking at door]
Hello?
Well, this is just sad.
Remember being too
drunk to have sex?
[sighs]
It's the main reason
you're an only child.
So, what do we do?
[sighs]
Roll them on their sides
and be grateful
we don't live
like this anymore.
So very grateful.
[slow farting]
Oh, God,
was that him or her?
Does it really matter?
♪
Shh...
[clears throat]
Mom?
[high-pitched]: Yes?
[shouts]
What?
What the hell?!
Ah, I was... I was looking
for the bathroom.
Well, I'm not it!
Well, okay, no harm, no foul.
¿Dónde está el baño?
What is going on?
Mitch, where'd you go?
Into my bed!
You miserable bastard.
[grunts]
Come on,
it was an honest mistake.
When you grabbed my
ass in the kitchen,
was that an
honest mistake?
Well, a person can make
more than one honest mistake.
You grabbed her ass?
With both hands.
Damn it, Mitch.
[shouts]
Come on.
Why is everybody yelling?
Your best friend just tried
to get in bed with my daughter.
What? No, no,
that can't be right.
It may have been 18 months
and 11 days,
but I know when a man
is in bed with me.
This is all your fault.
My fault?!
You invited these
zoo animals into my home,
and you never told me
you slept with this monkey.
Approximately 20 times.
What?
Monkey?
You-You didn't think that was
something you should tell me?
I-I... it's...
You porked my wife?!
I wouldn't use that word.
I would.
But that was before
we got together.
We're married now, and you're
playing hump the hostesses-es?
ADAM:
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait a minute, you...
you hit on Bonnie?
It was nothing.
Yeah, it was just joking around.
It was, it was, you know,
my bad hand bit.
She didn't get it.
You did bad hand on my woman?
And good hand.
Good hand's new.
[laughs]
What the hell
is wrong with you?!
Uh, all right!
All right!
All right, all right!
This is it!
I have a drinking problem.
What?
I do. I need help.
Ah, son of a bitch,
now we have to be nice to him.
No, no, no,
don't fall for it.
He catches alcoholism
every time I find him
facedown in an actress.
See, this... this is half
the reason I drink.
She shames me.LEANNE: Okay.
Okay. Okay,
yeah, yeah.
You're one of
my demons, Leanne!
All right, everybody,
just take it easy.
Bonnie, I'm-I'm-I'm sorry
that I didn't tell
you about Leanne.
Just no excuse, no defense,
just wrong, and, Mitch,
even though it happened before
the two of you got together,
I guess I owe you
something, too.
Come here, brother.
Oh, thanks.
Man, you know
I-I was just kidding...
[shouts]
Oh! Bad hand!
It's not cool, Dickweed!
Is there any vodka left?
Hi, I'm Mitch and...
I'm an alcoholic.
ALL:
Hi, Mitch.
I hurt a lot of people
I love this weekend,
whether it was hitting on
my best friend's girl...
...or her daughter...
...or urinating
in their laundry hamper.
This damn disease. Am I right?
Anyway, I-I-I just want to say
that I'm-I'm really grateful
to this program
for helping my wife see
that it's not my fault.
Namaste.
You think he can stay
sober this time?
I don't know.
We go to New Orleans
right from here.
We'll see what happens.
WOMAN: Would anyone
else like to share?
So... did they like you?